Update section about release management (#924)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: DEVELOPING.md

$ ndk-stack -sym obj/arm64-v8a -dump trace.txt
```

## Release management

> The Mapbox Maps SDK for Android makes stable releases every 6 weeks. Beta build is available in week 2 and a release candidate in week 4, which is promoted to stable in week 6.

Reviewer: Add a not that we treat stable release as new major or minor release in semver terms?

Author: added this to semver section

We release on a schedule to provide a level of predictability for our customers. Having a cadence that the team can rely on gives transparency and provides a rhythm that becomes second nature.

### Why do we provide pre-releases?
We provide pre-releases during development to enable the community and our customers to provide feedback.

### What is the beta release?

> A beta release is a pre-release that exposes initial APIs, behaviors of upcoming features for early feedback, and the release branch is created. We make this release during week 2 of the release cadence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A beta release is a pre-release that exposes initial APIs, behaviours of upcoming features for early feedback. We make this release during week 2 of the release cadence.
```

### What is the RC release?

> We finalize the scope of the beta release during week 4 of the cadence. We normally will not introduce any new APIs, and the RC is then promoted to stable in week 6.

Reviewer: `we not introduce new APIs and promote RC to stable`?

> We finalize the scope of the beta release during week 4 of the cadence. We normally will not introduce any new APIs, and the RC is then promoted to stable in week 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We normally will not introduce any new APIs and promote RC to stable in week 6.
```

Author: do not like such shortened version, will stick to mine, improved it a bit

### What type of versioning does Maps Mobile use?
We use the standard semantic version scheme ([SEMVER](https://semver.org/)) x.y.z to differentiate between major, minor, or patch releases. We treat stable release as a new major or minor release and not patch release.
Where “x” represents the major releases where incompatible API changes occur “breaking changes”.  
“y” represents minor releases where we add functionality in a backward-compatible manner.  
And “z” represents patch releases where we make backward-compatible bug fixes.

### Understanding release management in Git terms
As soon as time has come to prepare new beta release, we cut the new Git branch `v[major].[minor]` from latest `main`. Beta, RC and stable releases are always cut and published from this branch.

Any bug fix / feature _related_ to the `v[major].[minor]` release (when beta has already been released) will always be merged to `main` firstly and then either merged / cherry-picked to the `v[major].[minor]` branch.

All bug fixes / features _not related_ to the `v[major].[minor]` release (when beta has already been released) will be simply merged to `main` and included in the _next_ release.

> If there is the necessity to prepare the patch release for `v[major].[minor]`, we release it from associated `v[major].[minor]` branch with correct `android-v[major].[minor].[patch]` tag and _not_ from separate patch branch.

Reviewer: WDYT about creating separate section about patch releases below?
e.g. 

#### Patch releases

Author: 💎

$ ndk-stack -sym obj/arm64-v8a -dump trace.txt
```

## Release management

The Mapbox Maps SDK for Android makes stable releases every 6 weeks. Between releases, updates are available as snapshots before the issuance of a beta build in week 2 and a release candidate in week 4, which is promoted to stable in Week 6.

### What is a snapshot?

> A snapshot release is a mechanism by which the latest commits are available as a build. Android provides snapshots as unique builds. Snapshots are available continuously.

Reviewer: Not sure what `Android provides snapshots as unique builds.` means

Reviewer 2: +1, is this about us not supporting date/time driven snapshots?

Author: I don't have that much info, I copied it from our internal doc 😆 Will remove, I guess snapshots are well described in a section below.

Working with snapshots is described in detail in a section below.

### Why do we provide pre-releases?
We provide pre-releases during development to enable the community and our customers to provide feedback.

### What is the beta release?
A beta release is a pre-release that exposes initial APIs and behaviors of upcoming features for early feedback. This release is made during week 2 of the release cadence.

### What is the RC release?
The scope of this beta release is finalized during week 4 of the cadence, and the release branch is created. Once the release branch is cut, we normally will not introduce any new APIs, and the RC is then promoted to stable in week 6.

### Why do we release on a scheduled cadence?
We release on a schedule to provide a level of predictability for our customers. Having a cadence that the team can rely on gives transparency and provides a rhythm that becomes second nature.

### What type of versioning does Maps Mobile use?

> We use the standard semantic version scheme (SEMVER) x.y.z to differentiate between major, minor, or patch releases. 

Reviewer 2: maybe add link to https://semver.org/

$ ndk-stack -sym obj/arm64-v8a -dump trace.txt
```

## Release management

> The Mapbox Maps SDK for Android makes stable releases every 6 weeks. Between releases, updates are available as snapshots before the issuance of a beta build in week 2 and a release candidate in week 4, which is promoted to stable in week 6.

Reviewer: BTW are the snapshots available after beta/rc are cut?

Author: as discussed offline snapshots indeed do have their own section below and are not actually connected with release pipeline, will remove mentioning them here
cc @mapbox/maps-android

### What is a snapshot?
A snapshot release is a mechanism by which the latest commits are available as a build. Working with snapshots is described in detail in a section below.

### Why do we provide pre-releases?
We provide pre-releases during development to enable the community and our customers to provide feedback.

### What is the beta release?
A beta release is a pre-release that exposes initial APIs and behaviors of upcoming features for early feedback. This release is made during week 2 of the release cadence.

### What is the RC release?

> The scope of this beta release is finalized during week 4 of the cadence, and the release branch is created. Once the release branch is cut, we normally will not introduce any new APIs, and the RC is then promoted to stable in week 6.

Reviewer: Is it true regarding the branch though?

Reviewer: I mean - we cut release branch before releasing beta, not rc

Author: goot catch, should be moved in section above for the beta release

> ### Why do we release on a scheduled cadence?

Reviewer: IMO should be higher, 1 or 2 section of the release-management

Author: will do

Where “x” represents the major releases where incompatible API changes occur “breaking changes”.  
“y” represents minor releases where we add functionality in a backward-compatible manner.  
And “z” represents patch releases where we make backward-compatible bug fixes.

### Understanding release management in Git terms
As soon as time has come to prepare new beta release, we cut the new Git branch `v[major].[minor]` from latest `main`. Beta, RC and stable releases are always cut and published from this branch.

Any bug fix / feature _related_ to the `v[major].[minor]` release (when beta has already been released) will always be merged to `main` firstly and then either merged / cherry-picked to the `v[major].[minor]` branch.

All bug fixes / features _not related_ to the `v[major].[minor]` release (when beta has already been released) will be simply merged to `main` and included in the _next_ release.

#### Preparing patch release
If there is the necessity to prepare the patch release for `v[major].[minor]`, we release it from associated `v[major].[minor]` branch with correct `android-v[major].[minor].[patch]` tag and _not_ from separate patch branch.

Preparing patch checklist:

>  - cut `v[major].[minor].[patch]` branch from `v[major].[minor]` branch.

Reviewer 3: does it have to be a branch named `v[major].[minor].[patch]`? As it seems to be a temporary branch and will be deleted after merging to `v[major].[minor]` branch.

Reviewer: +1, I'd rather not specify and name may be artitrary

Author: fixed

 - add patch bug fixes / features, updated the changelog.

>  - merge `v[major].[minor].[patch]` to `v[major].[minor]`, delete patch branch, and start patch release process by creating `android-v[major].[minor].[patch]` tag on `v[major].[minor]` branch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - merge the patch branch to `v[major].[minor]`, delete patch branch, and start patch release process by creating `android-v[major].[minor].[patch]` tag on `v[major].[minor]` branch.
```
